define the ietf-schedule module in a seperate draft, move it out from this draft (#28)
boucadair/policy-based-network-acl: draft-ma-opsawg-schedule-yang.md

---
title: "A YANG Data Model for Scheduling"
abbrev: "schedule YANG"
category: std

docname: draft-ma-opsawg-schedule-yang-latest
submissiontype: IETF
number:
date:
consensus: true
v: 3
area: "Operations and Management"
workgroup: "OPSAWG"
keyword:
 - calendaring
 - scheduling
 - YANG
 - groupings

author:
 -
    fullname: Qiufang Ma
    organization: Huawei
    street: 101 Software Avenue, Yuhua District
    city: Jiangsu
    code: 210012
    country: China
    email: maqiufang1@huawei.com
 -
    fullname: Qin Wu
    organization: Huawei
    street: 101 Software Avenue, Yuhua District
    city: Jiangsu
    code: 210012
    country: China
    email: bill.wu@huawei.com
 -
    fullname: Mohamed Boucadair
    organization: Orange
    city: Rennes
    code: 35000
    country: France
    email: mohamed.boucadair@orange.com
 -
    fullname: Daniel King
    organization: Lancaster University
    country: United Kingdom
    email: d.king@lancaster.ac.uk

normative:

informative:

--- abstract

>    this document defines a common schedule YANG module which is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This document defines a common schedule YANG module which is
```

   designed to be applicable for scheduling information such as event, policy,

>    services or resources based on date and time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   services, or resources based on date and time.
```

--- middle

# Introduction {#intro}

   This document defines a common schedule YANG module which
   is designed to be applicable for scheduling information such as event, policy,
   services or resources based on date and time.

>    This document uses the YANG terminology defined in Section 3 of {{!RFC7950}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   
```

## Editorial Note (To be removed by RFC Editor)

   Note to the RFC Editor: This section is to be removed prior to publication.

   This document contains placeholder values that need to be replaced with finalized
   values at the time of publication.  This note summarizes all of the
   substitutions that are needed.  No other RFC Editor instructions are specified
   elsewhere in this document.

   Please apply the following replacements:

   * XXXX --> the assigned RFC number for this draft
   * YYYY --> the assigned RFC number for {{I-D.ietf-netmod-rfc6991-bis}}
   * 2023-01-19 --> the actual date of the publication of this document

# Conventions and Definitions

{::boilerplate bcp14-tagged}

   The meanings of the symbols in tree diagrams are defined in
   {{?RFC8340}}.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, this document uses the YANG terminology defined in {{Section 3 of !RFC7950}}.

```

#  Modules Overview

##  The Schedule YANG Module

   This module defines two groupings "period" and "recurrence", which conform to
   the definition of the "period of time" and "recurrence rule" formats defined in

>    {{?RFC5545}}. The authors might consider to define more formats in future revisions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   {{?RFC5545}}. Other formats may be considered in future revisions.
```
